ExecuteSQL(): add a warning if the dialect name isn't recognized (fixes #8843), and improve doc (#8844)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/user/ogr_sql_sqlite_dialect.rst

OGR SQL dialect and SQLITE SQL dialect
================================================================================

The GDALDataset supports executing commands against a datasource via the
:cpp:func:`GDALDataset::ExecuteSQL` method. How such commands are evaluated
is dependent on the datasets.

- For most file formats (e.g. Shapefiles, GeoJSON, MapInfo files), the built-in
  :ref:`ogr_sql_dialect` dialect will be used by defaults. It is also possible

>   to request the :ref:`ogr_sql_dialect` alternate dialect to be used, which

Author: fixed

  will use the SQLite engine to evaluate commands on GDAL datasets.

- All OGR drivers for database systems: :ref:`vector.mysql`, :ref:`vector.pg`,
  :ref:`vector.oci`, :ref:`vector.sqlite`, :ref:`vector.gpkg`,
  :ref:`vector.odbc`, :ref:`vector.pgeo`, :ref:`vector.hana` and :ref:`vector.mssqlspatial`,
  override the :cpp:func:`GDALDataset::ExecuteSQL` function with dedicated implementation
  and, by default, pass the SQL statements directly to the underlying RDBMS.
  In these cases the SQL syntax varies in some particulars from OGR SQL.
  Also, anything possible in SQL can then be accomplished for these particular

>   databases. Only the result of SQL WHERE statements will be returned as

Reviewer: I know this is the old phrasing, but it's a little unclear to me. Is it supposed to say "SELECT statements"?

And it's probably not true as a general case, e.g. `delete from foo returning *` will also work on Postgres.

>   databases. Only the result of SQL WHERE statements will be returned as

Author: ```suggestion
  databases. Generally, only the result of SELECT statements will be returned as
```
